Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to have the content for each tab.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, we have to go back to our via code and we send the scaffold.
The scaffold has a property which you've said before, known as body.
For the body.
It's going to be this wish you've not seen before.
It is known as Tab.
Tab.
Bar beer.
This tab bar view can take multiple tabs widgets so it has sorry can multiple tabs content so it has
this children property and what we can do we can then have the first tab content that is the content
for this first step and we can easily just have a center widget for now center.
Child.
Sorry.
He is going to break this and center.
Right and child test.
We can't say, man.
Category.
Okay.
How did she come over there?
And we can copy this.
To read more.
Copy and paste this.
Okay.
We need another case controller and s save.
And this should be women and this should be worth keeps issues.
Kids.
And shoes.
How do you train a car in this country?
So I think I'm getting used to hard commerce.
Okay.
And this is it.
We are currently in the women top and this is the top content for this.
And kids can see and shoes and men seems good, right?
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.